# Observations

I have a belief that if you have information that might change someone's behavior or actions then you have a moral imperative to inform them. To not inform  the would be lying by omission.

As a result, before you quit your job, break lease, move to another state, buy a dog, and rent a house I fell that I should share everything I've seen and the observations that I and others have made. This is not a condemnation or even an attempt at directing you towards a different course of action. Instead this is merely a third person perspective that might be helpful in contextualizing your observations of your own state.

Normally when I do something like this (write a big letter) I've though everything through and I have a good precanned artioculartion that I can use as a runway. I'm struggling with that because I actually have insuffient information to give the overview I would like. Himashi (himashe?) is enigmatic. As far as I can tell, her behavbiour is strongly affected by who she is around and she's "default private" with her inner self. Its difficult with the small amount that i've seen in tjhe limited circumstances to say whether anything that I've seen in authentic. Worse, I fear that doesn't matter. She may go 25 years of interacting with her mother-in-law before dropping the mask, and if thats the case then the mask for all intents is her.

What makes this "dangerous" is that it makes any extrapolation from her current behaviour risky. I can't say whether or not her behaviour will change towards me, or how similar it is to how she treats you behind closed doors. You can't say how much how much her behaviour is likely to change (e.g. once the honeymoon is over), or more accurate regress to the mean.

When I construct an encounter in D&D I will often chose not to plan a sequence of events. Instead I'll create a scenerio with physics. Something that will respond to input. It means that I don't have to know what the players will do, and its very straightforward to DM. Given that we (I) can't know 
